The spaces between your fingers are meant to be filled with mine.
I want to be your teardrop. Born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
If you stood in front of a mirror holding 11 roses; you will see 12 of the most beautiful things in this word.
Hey last time I looked at my keyboard, I noticed that “u” and “i” are always together
If you wake up in a red room with no windows or doors don’t panic you’re in my heart…
Life is for living,
I live for you
Dreams are for dreaming
I dream for you
Hearts are for beating
Mine beats for you
Angels are for keeping
Can I keep you?
Hershey makes a million kisses a day, I’m just asking for one.
I’m not flirting. I’m just being extra nice to someone who is extra attractive.
Go out at night and count the stars, that’s how many years I’ll wait for you.
I can’t taste my lips, could you do it for me?
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall… Is in love with me
If I could rearrange the alphabet I’d put you and I together.
I know milk does good for the body but DAMN how much did you drink?
If you were a tear , I would never cry in fear of losing you
Lets flip a coin! Heads, you’re mine; Tails, I’m yours.
Do you have a map cause i’am lost in your eyes <3
You look so beautiful …You make me forget my Pick up line !! =- )
Trying to get with you is like trying to touch a star. You know you will never get to but you just gotta keep trying!!
“Here I am… What are your other 2 wishes???”
If loving you is wrong I don’t want to be right.
The mirror is lucky because every time you look into it, it gets to look back at you.
Feel my shirt. Does that feel like boyfriend material?
Don’t be scared if a big fat man comes in to your room and stuffs you in a bag… I told Santa I want you for Christmas!!!
Babe, you fell from haven!
There’s a lovely person between Y and I on your keyboard… Just look :)
Your tag is showing, it says made in heaven.
I just ate some Skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
If I told you had a beautiful body… Would you hold it against me?
I haven’t been hugged for a while, could you show me how to do it?
I lost the angel for my christmas tree…could you fill its place?
Most pictures may be worth a thousand words, but a picture of you needs only one! Wow!
You’re lips are like vodka, and I want to get wasted.
I’ve found this new disease, it’s called LOVE. I know its contagious ’cause you gave it to me.
One reason God created time was so that I could spend mine with you
You’ve been charged in court for stealing my heart, trespassing in my dreams, and robbing me of my senses. You’ve been sentenced to a lifetime with me. How do you plead?
Can I have a bandage because I just scrapped my knee falling for you.
If I were a star I would grant ur every wish.
I want to taste something sweet,could I taste your lips?
If I stole your heart, and you stole mine, wouldn’t it be the perfect crime? ;)